# 📋 Meeting Protocol

**Project/Meeting Name:** PSIT3-FS20-IT18ta_WIN-Team5 - Special COVID-19 Status Meeting

**Date of Meeting:** 19.03.2020, **Time:** 09:00 (GMT+1), **Location:** Remote

## 👨🏼‍💻 Attendees

❌ Hans-Peter Hutter

✅<img src="img/teams_icon.png" alt="MS Teams Icon" height="20" /> Marco Forster (Chair) (Project Manager)

✅<img src="img/teams_icon.png" alt="MS Teams Icon" height="20" /> Dan Hochstrasser

✅<img src="img/teams_icon.png" alt="MS Teams Icon" height="20" /> Manuel Berweger

✅<img src="img/teams_icon.png" alt="MS Teams Icon" height="20" /> Marvin Tseng

## ✏️ Agenda

### Feedback Project Outline

- Everyone has implemented the given feedback for the Project Outline from last week's meeting to his sections.
- Marco will implement the missing feedback from Liby Kunthrayil for the Project Outline.
- Manuel is still working on the Use Case Model.
- Marco is still working on his part for the Solution Architecture documentation (Project Management & Glossary).
- Dan has finished his work on the Domain Model. Very good feedback from the team.
  (Way to go Dan! 🙌🏻)
- Marvin has also finished his parts on the Solution Architecture documentation. (Thanks Marvin, very cool! 💪🏻)
- Edits on the documentation can always be merged directly with the *master* branch.
- People with finished documentation tasks can already start coding on their own branches, with possible merges to the *dev* branch.
